feat: added a new MqttKafkaMapper and updated docs. (#25)
strimzi/strimzi-mqtt-bridge: README.md

### Topic Mapping Rules (ToMaR)

> The ToMaR is a set of patterns the user provides defining how the MQTT Bridge maps MQTT topic names to Kafka topic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ToMaR is a set of patterns the user provides defining how the MQTT Bridge maps MQTT topic names to Kafka topic names.
```

> names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> A Mapping Rule is a model that contains an `MQTT topic pattern`, a `Kafka topic template`, and optionally

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Mapping Rule is a model that contains an `MQTT topic pattern`, a `Kafka topic template`, and optionally a `Kafka record key`.
```

> a `Kafka record key`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> All the incoming MQTT message's topic should match an `MQTT topic pattern` in the ToMaR so that the bridge knows in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the incoming MQTT message's topic should match an `MQTT topic pattern` in the ToMaR so that the bridge knows in which Kafka topic to produce this message.
```

> which Kafka topic to produce this message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This Kafka topic is defined by a template, `Kafka Topic template`.

> However, if the incoming MQTT message's topic does not match any pattern in the ToMaR, the Bridge has a default Kafka

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, if the incoming MQTT message's topic does not match any pattern in the ToMaR, the Bridge has a default Kafka topic where the incoming message will be mapped to, known as `messages_default`.
```

> topic where the incoming message will be mapped to, known as `messages_default`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

The optional `Kafka record key` is used to define the key of the Kafka record that will be produced to the Kafka topic.
It is defined by a template as well, and its default value is `null`.
A valid ToMaR is a JSON file that contains an array of mapping rules.
Each mapping rule is a JSON object that contains two properties: `mqttTopic` and `kafkaTopic`.
The following is an example of a valid ToMaR:

```json
[
  {
     "mqttTopic": "building/(\\w+)/room/(\\d{1,4}).*",
     "kafkaTopic": "building_$1",
     "kafkaKey": "room_$2"
  },
  {
    "mqttTopic": "sensors/([^/]+)/data",
    "kafkaTopic": "sensor_data"
  },
  {
     "mqttTopic": "sensors.*",
     "kafkaTopic": "sensor_others"
  },
  {
    "mqttTopic": "devices/([^/]+)/data/(\b(all|new|old)\b)",
     "kafkaTopic": "device_$1_data",
     "kafkaKey": "device_$2"
  }
]
```

> The expression `.*` is used to represent the wildcard `#`, which in turn represents one or more levels in the MQTT topic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The expression `.*` is used to represent the wildcard `#`, which in turn represents one or more levels in the MQTT topic hierarchy.
```

> hierarchy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> The expression `([^/]+)` is used to represent the wildcard `+`, which in turn represents a single level in the MQTT

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The expression `([^/]+)` is used to represent the wildcard `+`, which in turn represents a single level in the MQTT topic hierarchy.
```

> topic hierarchy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> It worth's mentioning that it is the user's responsibility to adhere to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It worth's mentioning that it is the user's responsibility to adhere to the [MQTT 3.1.1 naming conventions](http://docs.oasis-open.org/mqtt/mqtt/v3.1.1/os/mqtt-v3.1.1-os.html#_Toc398718106) when defining the MQTT topic patterns.
```

> the [MQTT 3.1.1 naming conventions](http://docs.oasis-open.org/mqtt/mqtt/v3.1.1/os/mqtt-v3.1.1-os.html#_Toc398718106)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> when defining the MQTT topic patterns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Placeholders in the `KafkaTopic` and `kafkaKey` template are defined using the `$` character followed by a number. The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Placeholders in the `kafkaTopic` and `kafkaKey` templates are defined using the `$` character followed by a number.
The number represents the index of the capturing group in the `mqttTopic` pattern.
```

> number represents the index of the capturing group in the `mqttTopic` pattern.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> The MQTT Bridge uses the capturing groups in the `mqttTopic` pattern to positionally extract the values that will be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The MQTT Bridge uses the capturing groups in the `mqttTopic` pattern to positionally extract the values that will be used to replace the placeholders in the `kafkaTopic` and `kafkaKey` templates.
```

> used to replace the placeholders in the `KafkaTopic` and `kafkaKey` templates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Let's go through each rule in the above example to understand how the MQTT Bridge uses these rules to map MQTT topics to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's go through each rule in the above example to understand how the MQTT Bridge uses these rules to map MQTT topics to Kafka topics:
```

> Kafka topics:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

1. MQTT Topic: `building/(\\w+)/room/(\\d{1,4}).*` -> Kafka Topic: `building_$1` with Kafka Key: `room_$2`

>    This rule maps MQTT topics of the form `building/{some word}/room/{some number with 4 digits}/#` to the Kafka

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This rule maps MQTT topics of the form `building/{some word}/room/{some number with 4 digits}/#` to the Kafka topic `building_$1`.
```

>    topic `building_$1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

   For example, if the MQTT topic is `building/A/room/1003/floor/2` it will be mapped to the Kafka

>    topic `building_A` with the key `room_1003`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

2. MQTT Topic: `sensors/([^/]+)/data` -> Kafka Topic: `sensor_data` with Kafka Key: `null`

   This rule maps MQTT topics of the form `sensors/+/data` to the Kafka topic `sensor_data`.
   For example, if the MQTT topic is `sensors/temperature/data`, it will be mapped to the Kafka topic `sensor_data`.
   Because the `KafkaKey` is not defined, the key of the Kafka record will be `null`.

3. MQTT Topic: `sensors.*` -> Kafka Topic: `sensor_others` with Kafka Key: `null`

   This rule maps any MQTT topic starting with `sensors/` followed by any number of levels in the hierarchy to the Kafka

>    topic `sensor_others`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

   For example, if the MQTT topic is `sensors/temperature/living-room`, it will be mapped to the Kafka
   topic `sensor_others` with the key `sensor`.
   Because the `KafkaKey` is not defined, the key of the Kafka record will be `null`.

4. MQTT Topic: `devices/([^/]+)/data/(\b(all|new|old)\b)` -> Kafka Topic: `device_$1_data` with Kafka Key: `device_$2`

>    This rule maps MQTT topics of the form `devices/{some word}/data/{either all, new or old}` to the Kafka

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This rule maps MQTT topics of the form `devices/{some word}/data/{either all, new or old}` to the Kafka topic `device_$1_data`.
```

   topic `device_$1_data`.

>    For example, if the MQTT topic is `devices/thermostat/data/all`, it will be mapped to the Kafka

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   For example, if the MQTT topic is `devices/thermostat/data/all`, it will be mapped to the Kafka topic `device_thermostat_data` with the key `device_all`.
```

>    topic `device_thermostat_data` with the key `device_all`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>    This example also shows the advantage of using regex in the `mqttTopic` pattern. The last capturing group in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This example also shows the advantage of using regex in the `mqttTopic` pattern.
   The last capturing group in the `mqttTopic` should be a word boundary `\b` followed by either `all`, `new` or `old` and anything else will not match the pattern.
```

>    the `mqttTopic` should be a word boundary `\b` followed by either `all`, `new` or `old` and anything else will not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>    match the pattern.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

The order in which the rules are defined is important.
The MQTT Bridge will use the first rule that matches the MQTT topic.

> For example, if the MQTT topic is `sensors/temperature/data`, it will be mapped to the Kafka topic `sensor_data`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if the MQTT topic is `sensors/temperature/data`, it will be mapped to the Kafka topic `sensor_data` because `sensors/([^/]+)/data` matches the MQTT topic before `sensors/#`.
```

> because `sensors/([^/]+)/data` matches the MQTT topic before `sensors/#`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> If we swap the positions of the rules, the MQTT Bridge would use the `sensors.*` to map the MQTT topic to the Kafka

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If we swap the positions of the rules, the MQTT Bridge would use the `sensors.*` to map the MQTT topic to the Kafka topic `sensor_others`.
```

> topic `sensor_others`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This Kafka topic is defined by a template, `Kafka Topic template`.
However, if the incoming MQTT message's topic does not match any pattern in the ToMaR, the Bridge has a default Kafka topic where the incoming message will be mapped to, known as `messages_default`.

The optional `Kafka record key` is used to define the key of the Kafka record that will be produced to the Kafka topic.
It is defined by a template as well, and its default value is `null`.
A valid ToMaR is a JSON file that contains an array of mapping rules.
Each mapping rule is a JSON object that contains two properties: `mqttTopic` and `kafkaTopic`.
The following is an example of a valid ToMaR:

```json
[
  {
     "mqttTopic": "building/(\\w+)/room/(\\d{1,4}).*",
     "kafkaTopic": "building_$1",
     "kafkaKey": "room_$2"
  },
  {
    "mqttTopic": "sensors/([^/]+)/data",
    "kafkaTopic": "sensor_data"
  },
  {
     "mqttTopic": "sensors.*",
     "kafkaTopic": "sensor_others"
  },
  {
    "mqttTopic": "devices/([^/]+)/data/(\b(all|new|old)\b)",
     "kafkaTopic": "device_$1_data",
     "kafkaKey": "device_$2"
  }

> ]

Reviewer 2: Would it be worth keeping a separate example for the MqttKafkaSimpleMapper in addition to the MqttKafkaRegexMapper?

Reviewer: Yeah I mentioned that in the past. Even if not used I would leave the placeholders based example in the test folder.

Author: I have added the example under `test/resources` folder.

```

The expression `.*` is used to represent the wildcard `#`, which in turn represents one or more levels in the MQTT topic hierarchy.
The expression `([^/]+)` is used to represent the wildcard `+`, which in turn represents a single level in the MQTT topic hierarchy.
It worth's mentioning that it is the user's responsibility to adhere to the [MQTT 3.1.1 naming conventions](http://docs.oasis-open.org/mqtt/mqtt/v3.1.1/os/mqtt-v3.1.1-os.html#_Toc398718106) when defining the MQTT topic patterns.

> Placeholders in the `KafkaTopic` and `kafkaKey` templates are defined using the `$` character followed by a number. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Placeholders in the `kafkaTopic` and `kafkaKey` templates are defined using the `$` character followed by a number. 
```

Author: I have added this to my other changes to avoid having 1 PR to each change.

The number represents the index of the `capturing group` in the `mqttTopic` pattern. `Please note that the index starts from 1 and not 0`.

> The MQTT Bridge uses the `capturing groups` in the `mqttTopic` pattern to positionally extract the values that will be used to replace the placeholders in the `KafkaTopic` and `kafkaKey` templates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The MQTT Bridge uses the `capturing groups` in the `mqttTopic` pattern to positionally extract the values that will be used to replace the placeholders in the `kafkaTopic` and `kafkaKey` templates.
```

      "kafkaTopic": "locations",
      "kafkaKey": "location_$1"
  }
]
```

The expressions `.*` and `(?:\\/.*)?$` are used to represent the wildcard `#`, which in turn represents one or more levels in the MQTT topic hierarchy.
However, there are some cases that can lead to unexpected behavior when using the these wildcards interchangeably . 
Therefore, you should note the following:
  - You cannot use the `.*` wildcard in capturing groups. 
  For example, the pattern `building/(\\w+)/room/(\\d{1,4})/(.*)` is invalid because it will capture the whole subtopic of the pattern, and `$3` placeholder might include `/` characters, which will lead to an invalid Kafka topic name.
  - You can use the `.*` wildcard without a preceding `/` character, but it is not equivalent to when it is preceded by `/`. 
  For example, the pattern `building.*` will match `building`, `building/room`, `buildingroom`, and so on. 
  On the other hand, the pattern `building/.*` will match `building/room`, `building/floor/room`, and so on, but not `buildingroom` and `building/`. 
  - You can also use the `(?:\\/.*)?$` wildcard to match the whole subtopic level of the pattern. 

>   For example, the pattern `locations/([^/]+)(?:\\/.*)?$` will match `locations/city/luanda/angola`, `locations/city`, `locations/city/`, and so on. 

Reviewer: If you want to make a good comparison between `.*` and `(?:\\/.*)?$` you should use the same example and show how each of them is able to match differently.

    "mqttTopic": "devices/([^/]+)/data/(\b(all|new|old)\b)",
     "kafkaTopic": "device_$1_data",
     "kafkaKey": "device_$2"
  },
  {
      "mqttTopic": "locations/([^/]+)(?:\\/.*)?$",
      "kafkaTopic": "locations",
      "kafkaKey": "location_$1"
  }
]
```

> The expressions `.*` and `(?:\\/.*)?$` are used to represent the wildcard `#`, which in turn represents one or more levels in the MQTT topic hierarchy.

Reviewer: I think a user can understand `.*` but can you provide more details about the `(?:\\/.*)?$` to explain why and how it's different from `.*`. Why the user should use one or the other?

Author: I explained down below.

Reviewer: Tbh you are comparing the two with different examples, it doesn't help the user. See my comment below.

However, there are some cases that can lead to unexpected behavior when using the these wildcards interchangeably . 
Therefore, you should note the following:

>   - You can not use the `.*` wildcard in capturing groups. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - You cannot use the `.*` wildcard in capturing groups. 
```

]
```

- The expression `.*` is used to represent the wildcard `#`, which in turn represents one or more levels in the MQTT topic hierarchy.

> However, there are some cases that can lead to unexpected behavior when using the `.*` wildcard. Therefore, you should note the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, there are some cases that can lead to unexpected behavior when using the `.*` wildcard.
Therefore, you should note the following:
```

>   - You can not use the `.*` wildcard in capturing groups. For example, the pattern `building/(\\w+)/room/(\\d{1,4})/(.*)` is invalid because it will capture the whole subtopic of the pattern, and `$3` placeholder might include `/` characters, which will lead to an invalid Kafka topic name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - You cannot use the `.*` wildcard in capturing groups. 
  For example, the pattern `building/(\\w+)/room/(\\d{1,4})/(.*)` is invalid because it will capture the whole subtopic of the pattern, and `$3` placeholder might include `/` characters, which will lead to an invalid Kafka topic name.
```

>   - You can use the `.*` wildcard without a preceding `/` character, but it is not equivalent to when it is preceded by `/`. For example, the pattern `building.*` will match `building`, `building/room`, `buildingroom`, and so on. On the other hand, the pattern `building/.*` will match `building`, `building/room`, `building/floor/room`, and so on, but not `buildingroom`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - You can use the `.*` wildcard without a preceding `/` character, but it is not equivalent to when it is preceded by `/`. 
  For example, the pattern `building.*` will match `building`, `building/room`, `buildingroom`, and so on. 
  On the other hand, the pattern `building/.*` will match `building`, `building/room`, `building/floor/room`, and so on, but not `buildingroom`. 
```
